chore: update postgres benchmarks after writer refactor (#153)
datazip-inc/olake-docs: docs/benchmarks.mdx

### PostgreSQL → Apache Iceberg Connector Benchmark

**Benchmark Environment**

> - This benchmark uses the `trips` and `fhv_trips` tables from the [NYC Taxi Data](https://github.com/datazip-inc/nyc-taxi-data-benchmark/tree/remote-postgres) dataset, totaling **4,008,587,913 rows**.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This benchmark uses standard [NYC Taxi Data] (https://github.com/toddwschneider/nyc-taxi-data) `trips` and `fhv_trips` tables.
- The original repo ingests data into local postgres, so we have modified it to ingest into remote cloud postgres (Azure Flexible DB) [NYC Taxi Data](https://github.com/datazip-inc/nyc-taxi-data-benchmark/tree/remote-postgres)
- Total rows **4,008,587,913 rows** including both tables.  
```

Author: Made the suggested changes

- The average row size is **144 bytes** for `trips` and **121 bytes** for `fhv_trips`.  

> - The tests were performed on an **Azure Standard D64ls v5 VM (64 vCPUs, 128 GiB memory)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- OLake & Debezium were run on  **Azure Standard D64ls v5 VM (64 vCPUs, 128 GiB memory)**, other platforms are used as a cloud offering (Fivetran, Estuary, Airbyte)
```

| Tool               | Rows Synced | Throughput (rows / sec) | Relative to OLake    |
| ------------------ | ----------: | ----------------------: | -------------------- |
| **OLake**          |  **4.01 B** |          **2,35,411 RPS** | –                    |
| Fivetran           |      4.01 B |              46,395 RPS | **5.1 × slower** |
| Debezium (memiiso) |      1.28 B |              14,839 RPS | **15.9 × slower**     |
| Estuary            |      0.34 B |               3,982 RPS | **59.1 × slower**¹   |
| Airbyte Cloud          |      12.7 M |                 457 RPS | **515.1 × slower**     |

¹ _Estuary ran the same 24-hour window but processed a ~10× smaller dataset, so its throughput looks even lower when normalized._

**Memory usage (OLake)** - `Standard D64ls v5 (64 vcpus, 128 GiB Memory)`

| Memory Stats | Usage (GB) |
|--------|----|
| Min    | 3.98 |
| Max    | 60.76 |

> | Mean   | 44.46 |

Author: Do we need Min ?

| Tool          | Scenario        |                                                                           Spend (USD) |  Rows Synced |
| ------------- | --------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | -----------: |

> | **OLake**     | Full Load / CDC | Cost of a `Standard D64ls v5 (64 vcpus, 128 GiB memory)` running for 4.7 hours `< $ 15` | 4.01 B / 50M |

Author: It's `4.01` when rounded
